Split procedure and verification of Proxmox installation (#4950)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-the-proxmox-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="installing-the-proxmox-plugin"]
= Installing the Proxmox plugin

[role="_abstract"]
Install the Proxmox plugin to attach a Proxmox compute resource provider to {Project}.
This allows you to manage and deploy hosts to Proxmox.

.Procedure
* Install the Proxmox plugin on your {ProjectServer}:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,verbatim,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-plugin-proxmox
----

.Verification
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About*.

> . On the *Compute Resources* tab, verify the installation of the Proxmox plugin.

Reviewer: The CR providers are on another tab. Unless the user connects a particular compute resource instance, they will not see anything on the **Compute Resources** tab, and, I assume, that's done in a following procedure.

```suggestion
. On the *Available Providers* tab, verify that the Proxmox provider is present.
```
Btw, I checked this in the web UI.

Reviewer: Alternatively:
```suggestion
. On the *Available Providers* tab, verify that the status of the Proxmox provider is *Installed*.
```

Author: Applied your first suggestion. Technically, it's also present on the plugins tab as `foreman_fog_proxmox`.
